= ranking-simpledb

create,update,delete,fetch(rank of user,rank of score,list of near score,toplist,pagenate) ranking data on amazon simple db.

See spec/ranking-simpledb_spec.rb

h2. initialize(access_key,secret_access_key,ranking_name)

create ranking model.

h2. upsert(u_id,score)

update ranking data. if u_id does not exist, create new data. if u_id exists in ranking, override new score

h2. delete(u_id)

delete ranking data specified by u_id

h2. rank_of_u_id(u_id)

rank of u_id

h2. score_of_u_id(u_id)

score of u_id

h2. rank_by_score(score)

rank by score

h2. user_num_of_score(score)
number of user in the score. same score user.

h2. top

return ranking top recored
{"score"=>score,"id_score" => score+u_id(zero padding),"u_id" => u_id,"rank" => 1},
if same score exist,return only one u_id record(most higher u_id)

h2. top_list(list_num)

top (list_num) list.

[
  {"score"=>score,"id_score" => score+u_id(zero padding),"u_id" => u_id,"rank" => 1},
  {"score"=>score,"id_score" => score+u_id(zero padding),"u_id" => u_id,"rank" => 2},
              :
]

h2. prev_list(list_num,id_score,inc=false)

return list_num record below id_score. if inc is true, include specified id_score_record. 
use for paginate.

h2. next_list(list_num,id_score,inc=false)

return list_num record above id_score. if inc is true, include specified id_score_record. 
use for paginate.

h2. my_list(list_num,u_id)

return list_num recored near u_id's score. include u_id score.

== Contributing to ranking-simpledb
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Takeshi Morita. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.
